you know, I was reloading strategies for you to be present with your team.
You know, the books will have all kinds of recommendations for
personally in my time. And I had read a lot way had a lot of leadership
examples falls, but I still think the easiest one is VW A management
by walking around that shows that your present you stay in your
state room. If we stay in, the longer you stay in the wardroom of the
bridge, don't get down to your spaces. Okay? That's gonna be noticed.
So the best way to be present is to be brother. Go out and walk
the decks with your team with your master chief petty officer with
your leading petty officer. Get out and about because they're also help.
You were when you first report to the ship, that's the best thing
to do. Walk around with everyone in the chain of command, okay? And
see it and try to understand where all your Spence is off. Because
again, they are all your spaces and so you don't want to miss it space.
So the best way to do that is to walk around with Chief Petty
officer and Petty officer. Heavy officer should see all your spaces.
A lot Also. What? They have a point out by doing that? Yeah. When captain
turns over the ship that he has to turn over every space on the
ship to his relief and every space to sign for it. You don't want
to be the officer that pulls space. Oops. You That's going to get you
in the hot seat really quick. So the best way to do that is to walk
around.